Made minor style and link changes (#233)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/developer-lightspeed/con_persistent-volumes.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
The Solution Server component requires a backend database to store code changes from previous analyses. 

> If you plan to enable Solution Server, you must create a `5Gi` `RWO` persistent volume used by the {mta-dl-plugin} database. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/migration_toolkit_for_applications/8.0/html/installing_the_migration_toolkit_for_applications/installing-mta-ui_installing-mta-title#persistent-volume-requirements_installing-mta-ui[Persistent volume requirements] for more information.

Reviewer: I think this one was fixed by Andy in https://github.com/migtools/mta-documentation/pull/228/files. But in any case, we can now use the attribute so that we don't need to change the version all the time. The link should be:

 ```suggestion
If you plan to enable Solution Server, you must create a `5Gi` `RWO` persistent volume used by the {mta-dl-plugin} database. See link:{mta-URL}/installing_the_migration_toolkit_for_applications/index#persistent-volume-requirements_installing-mta-ui[Persistent volume requirements] for more information.
```
